2023/README.md, before:

# Advent of Code 2023

https://adventofcode.com/2023/

Solutions will be done in Rust.

## Running

```bash
cargo run --release --bin day01
```

## Testing

```bash
cargo test --bin day01
```

## ENV Variables

`INPUT` can be set to provide a path to a specific file as input. Otherwise, `inputs/day{ID}.txt` will be used.

## Personal Times

|  Day |   Part 1 | Rank Part 1 |   Part 2 | Rank Part 2 |               Notes |
| ---: | -------: | ----------: | -------: | ----------: | ------------------: |
|   01 | 00:18:44 |        7872 | 00:49:15 |        5672 |                     |
|   02 | 00:24:47 |        5696 | 00:28:03 |        4749 |                     |
|   03 | 01:28:32 |        9565 | 01:50:54 |        8253 |                     |
|   04 | 00:18:15 |        6912 | 00:57:59 |        8998 |                     |
|   05 | 01:14:30 |        9489 | 01:33:45 |        3130 |                     |
|   06 | 00:35:49 |       10024 | 00:56:21 |       11047 |                     |
|   07 | 01:14:12 |        8239 | 02:33:41 |       10211 |                     |
|   08 | 00:34:04 |        8618 | 02:50:34 |       11098 |                     |
|   09 | 00:37:47 |        6889 | 00:45:58 |        6689 |                     |
|   10 | 02:35:19 |        9148 | 07:45:00 |       10036 |                     |
|   11 | 01:11:33 |        7781 | 01:16:32 |        6400 |                     |
|   12 | 02:52:58 |        8572 | 18:19:04 |       14383 |   Not continuous... |
|   13 | 01:18:34 |        5589 | 01:53:26 |        4929 |                     |
|   14 | 00:40:05 |        5592 | 00:59:40 |        2336 |                     |
|   15 | 00:31:16 |        6636 | 01:47:19 |        7181 |                     |
|   16 | 04:09:38 |        8944 | 04:18:59 |        8310 | Started 03h16m late |
|   17 |          |             |          |             |                     |
|   18 |          |             |          |             |                     |
|   19 |          |             |          |             |                     |
|   20 |          |             |          |             |                     |
|   21 |          |             |          |             |                     |
|   22 |          |             |          |             |                     |
|   23 |          |             |          |             |                     |
|   24 |          |             |          |             |                     |
|   25 |          |             |          |             |                     |

## Performance

Please note that the following numbers are relative, and should only be used to compare the performance between commits and days.

|  Day |  Parsing |   Part 1 |   Part 2 |       Notes |
| ---: | -------: | -------: | -------: | ----------: |
|   01 | 196.99µs |  25.67µs | 124.33µs |             |
|   02 | 139.44µs |   1.07µs |    710ns |             |
|   03 |  70.04µs |  49.98µs |  64.74µs |             |
|   04 | 255.87µs |   1.20µs |   1.75µs |             |
|   05 |  36.29µs |   3.20µs |    9.13s | Brute Force |
|   06 |  12.36µs | 120.00ns |   1.71ms |             |
|   07 | 303.80µs | 228.63µs | 185.27µs |             |
|   08 | 149.64µs | 335.00µs |   1.75ms |             |
|   09 | 167.20µs |  56.17µs |  51.99µs |             |
|   10 |  76.43µs | 784.77µs |   2.71ms |             |
|   11 |  55.45µs |  70.34µs |  67.07µs |             |
|   12 | 274.08µs |   4.12ms | 102.71ms |             |
|   13 | 150.67µs |  35.99µs |   6.08ms |             |
|   14 |  83.67µs |  56.44µs |  69.86ms |             |
|   15 | 253.14µs |  23.08µs | 131.45µs |             |
|   16 |  59.85µs |   1.72ms |  16.38ms |             |
|   17 |          |          |          |             |
|   18 |          |          |          |             |
|   19 |          |          |          |             |
|   20 |          |          |          |             |
|   21 |          |          |          |             |
|   22 |          |          |          |             |
|   23 |          |          |          |             |
|   24 |          |          |          |             |
|   25 |          |          |          |             |

Commit message:

Add 2023-day17 solutions, normalize times
Signed-off-by: hashworks <mail@hashworks.net>

2023/README.md, after:

# Advent of Code 2023

https://adventofcode.com/2023/

Solutions will be done in Rust.

## Running

```bash
cargo run --release --bin day01
```

## Testing

```bash
cargo test --bin day01
```

## ENV Variables

`INPUT` can be set to provide a path to a specific file as input. Otherwise, `inputs/day{ID}.txt` will be used.

## Personal Times

Times are normalized from input download to correct answer, not the time on the website.

|  Day |   Part 1 | Rank Part 1 |   Part 2 | Rank Part 2 |           Notes |
| ---: | -------: | ----------: | -------: | ----------: | --------------: |
|   01 | 00:18:44 |        7872 | 00:49:15 |        5672 |                 |
|   02 | 00:24:47 |        5696 | 00:28:03 |        4749 |                 |
|   03 | 01:28:32 |        9565 | 01:50:54 |        8253 |                 |
|   04 | 00:18:15 |        6912 | 00:57:59 |        8998 |                 |
|   05 | 01:14:30 |        9489 | 01:33:45 |        3130 |                 |
|   06 | 00:22:49 |       10024 | 00:43:21 |       11047 |                 |
|   07 | 01:14:12 |        8239 | 02:33:41 |       10211 |                 |
|   08 | 00:23:04 |        8618 | 02:41:34 |       11098 |                 |
|   09 | 00:35:47 |        6889 | 00:43:58 |        6689 |                 |
|   10 | 02:35:19 |        9148 | 07:45:00 |       10036 |                 |
|   11 | 01:04:33 |        7781 | 01:09:32 |        6400 |                 |
|   12 | 02:51:58 |        8572 | 18:18:04 |       14383 | Not continuous. |
|   13 | 01:16:34 |        5589 | 01:51:26 |        4929 |                 |
|   14 | 00:33:05 |        5592 | 00:52:40 |        2336 |                 |
|   15 | 00:22:16 |        6636 | 01:38:19 |        7181 |                 |
|   16 | 00:57:38 |        8944 | 01:02:59 |        8310 |                 |
|   17 | 01:07:45 |        7757 | 01:15:40 |        6830 |                 |
|   18 |          |             |          |             |                 |
|   19 |          |             |          |             |                 |
|   20 |          |             |          |             |                 |
|   21 |          |             |          |             |                 |
|   22 |          |             |          |             |                 |
|   23 |          |             |          |             |                 |
|   24 |          |             |          |             |                 |
|   25 |          |             |          |             |                 |

## Performance

Please note that the following numbers are relative, and should only be used to compare the performance between commits and days.

|  Day |  Parsing |   Part 1 |   Part 2 |       Notes |
| ---: | -------: | -------: | -------: | ----------: |
|   01 | 196.99µs |  25.67µs | 124.33µs |             |
|   02 | 139.44µs |   1.07µs |    710ns |             |
|   03 |  70.04µs |  49.98µs |  64.74µs |             |
|   04 | 255.87µs |   1.20µs |   1.75µs |             |
|   05 |  36.29µs |   3.20µs |    9.13s | Brute Force |
|   06 |  12.36µs | 120.00ns |   1.71ms |             |
|   07 | 303.80µs | 228.63µs | 185.27µs |             |
|   08 | 149.64µs | 335.00µs |   1.75ms |             |
|   09 | 167.20µs |  56.17µs |  51.99µs |             |
|   10 |  76.43µs | 784.77µs |   2.71ms |             |
|   11 |  55.45µs |  70.34µs |  67.07µs |             |
|   12 | 274.08µs |   4.12ms | 102.71ms |             |
|   13 | 150.67µs |  35.99µs |   6.08ms |             |
|   14 |  83.67µs |  56.44µs |  69.86ms |             |
|   15 | 253.14µs |  23.08µs | 131.45µs |             |
|   16 |  59.85µs |   1.72ms |  16.38ms |             |
|   17 | 556.02µs |  39.49ms | 131.03ms |             |
|   18 |          |          |          |             |
|   19 |          |          |          |             |
|   20 |          |          |          |             |
|   21 |          |          |          |             |
|   22 |          |          |          |             |
|   23 |          |          |          |             |
|   24 |          |          |          |             |
|   25 |          |          |          |             |
